Look, everyone, I’m starting to show off again.
It cannot be humane. Prince Fang's mother was in charge of the two hundred and five ministers.
He is also a global martial arts champion. The first person under the general manager,
If he comes with you to keep things. It must be several levels dead.
The little rabbit material who doesn’t know the heights of the world.
With the strength of his mother, the prince, she could kill him with one punch.
Ping Gong. Now you are really dead.
You people are really outsiders.
Will you all let this great sin go away?
If you want to run, kneeling down to do all the things will give you a full business sense.
I'm considering filling it up. Trash like you.
Report like this
I want you to be sucked by all the Chinese people
Fake and ignorant
I'm the first person under them all
Engage in dad's eyes
How can I be worthless if I fall?
A foreigner like you
Dare to take care of me again
Good if you think it's unfair
Then I'll give you a fair chance. That's it.
This is what you call fair, being listed as a subordinate in the National Security Council